Add mentor notes for csharp track: high scores (#1204)
exercism/website-copy: tracks/csharp/exercises/high-scores/mentoring.md

### Reasonable solution

#### using LINQ 

> ```csharp

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```csharp
```

using System.Collections.Generic;
using System.Linq;

public class HighScores
{
    // Fields
    private readonly List<int> _scores; 

    // Constructor
    public HighScores(List<int> list)
    {
        _scores = list;
    }

    // Methods
    public List<int> Scores() => _scores.ToList(); 
    public int Latest() => _scores.Last();
    public int PersonalBest() => _scores.Max();
    public List<int> PersonalTopThree() => _scores.OrderByDescending(s => s).Take(3).ToList();
}
```

> ### Common suggestions

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Common suggestions
```

> - The exercise focuses mainly on using two concepts: list as generic collection, combined with basic LINQ methods. 

Reviewer: This doesn't seem like a suggestion. I recommend moving it to line 5! It's a good comment for the reasonable solution.

Author: done

> - LINQ is especially helpful on creating method "PersonalTopThree", where a combination of OrderByDescending and Take provides a quick solution [with an example](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.linq.enumerable.take?view=netcore-2.1). Take method does not raise an exception when there are less elements. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- LINQ is especially helpful on creating method `PersonalTopThree`, where a combination of `OrderByDescending` and `Take` provides a quick solution [with an example](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.linq.enumerable.take?view=netcore-2.1). `Take` method does not raise an exception when there are less elements. 
```

> - By design, field _scores should be private

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By design, field `_scores` should be `private`
```

    
### Talking points

> - While scores could be made readonly here, it may be not a general recommendation. We might expect the class to be further expanded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- While scores could be made `readonly` here, it may be not a general recommendation. We might expect the class to be further expanded.
```

> - Implementing Latest() method using Last() is ok for the scope of this exercise. However, LastOrDefault() should be more frequent used, especially when we need to check whether there was an element or not. In other words, when it is legal for the sequence to be empty - and in our case it is. We should not rely on exception handling for the check, being not a good practice and bringing a performance penalty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implementing `Latest()` method using `Last()` is OK for the scope of this exercise. However, `LastOrDefault()` should be more frequently used, especially when we need to check whether there was an element or not. In other words, when it is legal for the sequence to be empty - and in our case it is. We should not rely on exception handling for the check, being not a good practice and bringing a performance penalty.
```

In some english-culture, legal strictly means "lawly", so perhaps the wording could be different.

> - Not everyone likes them, but it might be useful to suggest writing methods as  [expression-bodied methods](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/statements-expressions-operators/expression-bodied-members#methods), as they are perfect for these kinds of small methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It might be useful to suggest writing methods as [expression-bodied methods](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/statements-expressions-operators/expression-bodied-members#methods), as they are perfect for these kinds of small methods.
```

No need to add the sentiment. The "might" already indicated that someone can choose not to.

### Reasonable solution

#### using LINQ 

> The exercise focuses mainly on using two concepts: `List` as generic collection, combined with basic LINQ methods. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The exercise aims to teach two concepts: `List<T>` as a generic collection, combined with basic LINQ methods. 
```

```csharp
using System.Collections.Generic;
using System.Linq;

public class HighScores
{

>     // Fields

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest to remove this comment:

```suggestion
```

    private readonly List<int> _scores; 

>     // Constructor

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest to remove this comment:

```suggestion
```

    public HighScores(List<int> list)
    {
        _scores = list;
    }

>     // Methods

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest to remove this comment:

```suggestion
```

    public List<int> Scores() => _scores.ToList(); 
    public int Latest() => _scores.Last();
    public int PersonalBest() => _scores.Max();
    public List<int> PersonalTopThree() => _scores.OrderByDescending(s => s).Take(3).ToList();
}
```

### Common suggestions

> - LINQ is especially helpful on creating method `PersonalTopThree`, where a combination of `OrderByDescending` and `Take` provides a quick solution [with an example](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.linq.enumerable.take?view=netcore-2.1). `Take` method does not raise an exception when there are less elements. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- LINQ is especially helpful in the `PersonalTopThree`  method, where a combination of `OrderByDescending` and `Take` provides a quick solution [with an example](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.linq.enumerable.take?view=netcore-2.1). The `Take` method does not raise an exception when there are less elements than the specified count. 
```

- By design, field `_scores` should be `private`
    
### Talking points

> - While scores could be made `readonly` here, it may be not a general recommendation. We might expect the class to be further expanded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- While scores could be made `readonly` here, it may be not a general recommendation. We might expect the class to be expanded further.
```

> - Implementing Latest() method using Last() is ok for the scope of this exercise. However, LastOrDefault() should be more frequent used, especially when we need to check whether there was an element or not. In other words, when it is legal for the sequence to be empty - and in our case it is. We should not rely on exception handling for the check, being not a good practice and bringing a performance penalty.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Implementing the `Latest()` method using `Last()` is okay for the scope of this exercise. However, `LastOrDefault()` should be more frequent used, especially when we need to check whether there was an element or not. In other words, when it is legal for the sequence to be empty - and in our case it is. We should not rely on exception handling for the check, which is not a good practice and brings a performance penalty.
```
